Hey everyone and thanks for jumping back
into the cryptoverse.
Today we're going to talk about Bitcoin,
the beauty of mathematics, part 71. If
you guys like the content, make sure you
subscribe to the channel, give the video
a thumbs up, and also check out the sale
on into the cryptoverse premium at into
the cryptoverse.com.
Also remember to check out the first ITC
conference taking place this November in
Miami. Let's go ahead and jump in. So
the the asset class as a whole, we've
been talking about this forever, but the
asset class as a whole remains below
that quote unquote fair value logger
regression trend line. And I think it
will remain below it for the rest of
this year. And I know we didn't really
get that durable move into overvaluation
territory, but we also said we were not
going to, right? But we said this was
mostly like the 2019 2020 era in terms
of monetary policy
and therefore there was no just
justification for that rotation into
higher risk assets which means there was
not really a justification for durably
going overvalued. So I think Bitcoin and
the asset class will spend more of its
time this year below that fair value
logarithmic regression trend line. Try
to find support at it, you know, in the
coming months and then hopefully trend
back up into 2027 2028. The total market
cap of crypto now is about 2.125
trillion. So it's well off the highs uh
from 2025.
and it's actually, you know, slightly
below where it was in 2021. So, when you
think about the entire 2023 to 2025
move, it's justifiably what we saw in
2019. Bitcoin dominance went up, rate
cuts occurred, QT ended, no rotation
into altcoins. So, that's where I think
we are. I do think that the rest of this
year will likely be somewhat sluggish.
You know, probably form a low a little
bit later in the year after a counter
turn reality in the summer and uh call
it a day and then hopefully go into a
new bull market and then we'll see if we
can muster up the energy to get back up
to that fair value and hopefully go over
it in the next cycle. But, you know,
that's still a ways off. So I think in
the short term we will remain below that
fair value and um
you know hopefully things things will
change next year. I mean the we are
getting fairly low um in terms of the
extent below the fair value like if you
take the percent difference the total
market cap and the fair value logarithm
regression trend line looks like this
but is getting fairly below it. But in
terms of time, right, like I mean it has
been this low before, but you have to go
all the way back to 2010. In terms of
time, I think we just have a little bit
longer to watch this play out. Um, so
those are my views. Eventually, I do
think the asset class is going to 10
trillion, plus or minus a few trillion.
And as we go to sleep at night, we
cannot help but wonder what's a few
trillion dollars among friends.